## What did I do this past week?
This past week was a busy race to the deadline for Phase 2. Despite my team working very hard and diligently even during spring break we turned just an hour before the deadline. We found and corrected a lot of bugs even up to the last hour. Hopefully, we got most of them and the graders don't run into any while grading.

## What's in my way?
There's not much in my way, we haven't hit any major obstacles in our project's development nor have I really run into anything blocking myself. The only real threat to this class is my other classes. Last week was made even worse because I had large projects due in other classes as well in addition to Software Engineering.

## What will I do next week?
Next week my team will be meeting a few times to discuss strategy and planning for Phase 3. I hope that the most complex part of the project, at least for the frontend, is behind us and now that we have the foundation in place filtering and searching will be relatively easy to add in. I'm hoping that this gives us time to refactor some of our existing code as it contains a lot of duplication and that was a big source of bugs for Phase 2 and we just didn't have enough time to code a proper solution rather than a hasty fix.

## What's my experience with the class?
As the semester goes on I'm enjoying the class more and more. I've never considered relational algebra as being an algebra, and seeing how that connects to SQL is interesting. I've also never fully grasped the list and dictionary decomposition with the asterisk operators in Python which were fun to learn about. I'm doing pretty well on the quizzes so I'm expecting to do decent in the course as long as my project grades don't weigh me down.

## What's my pick of the week?
I've recently been playing around with [React](https://reactjs.org/) in my spare time and I've haven't found a UI library that I really liked. [React-Bootstrap](https://react-bootstrap.github.io/) is fairly useful, but it trades flexibility for ease-of-use. I came across [Semantic UI](https://react.semantic-ui.com/introduction) this week and it's awesome. It's very flexible, takes care of all the hard/boring parts of a responsive design and CSS styling for you while still allowing finely detailed control and custom theming.